subscribe you sound good range / sex
brutality they all right but I'm
actually the most potent like Wonder us
I'm rageous yeah take a line put them in
a blender with baby panda Panda when
that I'm like and then you mix it in a
glass with that night that went up for
everything went horribly wrong yeah you
know where you're like looking at
and what did you guys meet up Oh God
well no tell me this is your job I mean
you know it is very important is our boy
started with how is it no so three of us
can find a bitch it's kind of doing the
whole Philadelphia thing which player
where you know in many places as
possible and and you know everywhere in
Philadelphia it's not that another place
to try so we were coming back from king
of three o'clock in the morning really
really tired they made us play like last
like 115 set so we got in this elevator
we loaded all over your head taken up to
the third floor top versus basin area as
the door shut firstly the small hand
kind of reach him and pried the doors
open one hand I don't know how she did
she just pushed the doors aside and
jumped headfirst into our equipment she
grabbed cars of eggs under it against
the wall and broke out fucked up we just
look at this little fucking girl were
like what what is this and she punches
all three of us in the face one two
three pawns quick Tigers we were also
disorient I've gotten this huge fucking
bra crazy man because she looked at us
and she looked us on the island became a
chant right
and the elevator
oh yeah oh yeah totally Oh everything I
wanna be I want to be in Azkaban so I'm
always like sleep
we're just trying to continue that line
likely yeah I mean that's sort of for me
how the best Rockies always we don't
take it too seriously definitely like
you